# Introduction #
If you are here, you probably already know that SVG is supported by most modern browser incl. Internet Explorer 9. However it's not supported in Internet Explorer 6,7 and 8. Statistics show that the almost 60% of the people use Internet Explorer, and 50% of them use version lower than 9. This means that even deprecated, VML is still the only option to achieve cross-browser vector graphic.

If you are here you also probably know that SVG translates to VML. Well, with few exceptions.

Almost all shapes are supported in VML, however some shape attributes differ from those used in SVG.

# Paths #
Probably (path) is the most complex shape, that doesn't translate well into VML.

**Unsupported features**

  1. VML doesn't support floating point numbers in path coordinates
  1. VML doesn't support quadratic bezier curve(s)
  1. VML Path uses different commands compared to SVG
  1. VML doesn't support elliptical arcs

## SVG to VML conversion with Core Framework ##
CF provides a handy method which can convert SVG path into VML path.
Ex.:
```
var vmlPath = Core.SVG.path(svgPath);
```

**How it works**
  1. The path coordinates are rounded to whole numbers
  1. Quadratic curves translate to cubic curves of Bezier
  1. Elliptical arcs translate to cubic curvers of Bezier
  1. SVG commands are mapped to VML commands

**Core.SVG.path()** accepts path IN SVG format generated by Adobe Illustrator, Inkscape etc. thus allowing designers to easily draw complex cross-browser shapes.